December 17, 2012
Mustang 


Well, this is the my first entry in what I hope will become my virtual 
journal. I write in the terminal to give it at least a little novelty...as 
opposed to just writting in a word document.

It is finals week here at Cuesta and today I just finished my Philosophy 
course. Thought it was a great class. I feel as if this intro has opened up
new avenues of thought for me to go down.

Example: Simulation Argument

I find that argument compelling. As that, if we assume two things, then the 
simulation argument holds ground. Those two things being the materialistic mind
and the human progression to an advanced human state of being. 

--I'll probaly expand on this at a later date. 

But yes Philosophy was a great class. As I have not been writting so much, 
I cannot say that I have been doing so great with my own philosophical
progression aside from that class. I guess I do not really have an excuse.
If I really want to I could definatly pursue at least some level of
philosophical recognition. 

Then again...Is it all about recognition? 

Is recognition equivilent to success?  
 
Philosophical cultivation is definatly diffrent than a cultivation which is 
recognized. 

I'll just put it out here: Some dark thoughts within me are jealous of Mark's 
achievements. Not jealous of him himself, I love the man with my heart, but 
jealous that I have not been exposed to such a level of progression. 

It feels as if I have so much potential, but I have no where to utilize it
outside of my own intrest. I want to do something!

And yet, I can...I talk about effort, I talk about my generation being able
to move this century...but what am I doing about it? 

Speculating about a couple startup ideas is hardly moving the world. 

Could I do so in a philosophical sense? Yes. Perhaps.

I need to stop comparing my intullectual cultivation to that of others. 
Our experiance is all so diffrent, that trying to compare the diffrent levels
of success is impossible. 

Intullectual cultivation should be unique. So I do not know why I am stressing
out about being inadequate. 

Well im doing for tonight.
I hope that I'll be able to keep this journal consistently, and finally have
a log of where my thoughts go.


dk.
