Unsent Letter
June 2016

We have a fantastic long distance calling
each other; expressing desire for simple and stable
features: Too often are we blown back a step 
while losing balance in the wind. 

Falling. How we fell! The glory of unknowing
days fell us forth in sequence to grasp ahold of
what truth befell our reach.

Remember, how we wished forever to reflect upon our own 
sight? Basking in what we had done, the glory found
among the communities of men and women. 

Should I carry hope? That things should go my way?
Well they have. But not with you; How I'd love to tell 
you of the things that have gone my way. And you tell me
of things that are good. 

Should I carry hope? That we may sit for 30 minutes and admire
the length of our friendship? 
Is not time the purpose of connection?
Can it be sustained: A happy idea imprinted in the past?
I should not be a memory. Atleast not so far. Not so fast.

You give an equisite showing of quaint narrative,
Cute for adoration and longing. 
But when I try to pull myself into your mind and am met with 
strange circumstance.

Would you read this friend? 5 minutes time to sight into
each other? Or must I persist lest no time come?
Damn it communicate with me. If we shared emotion why cant
we share our life for 5 minutes? Nurture the memories 
of our adventure and feared outcomes. Laugh about hope
and reality.

Sad description. I trust you not to call on me. I have little 
faith in your words and ideas for you are so often blown away
by the slightest misgievence. At an end: Our friendship
has withered. We ask each other but the most common of questions.

Do you think I persist because I want this response?
Consistently urging you to respond in the way I expect?
Expected because: This was my conception of friendship.
Bonded beneath hills and mountains we hiked. Together
searching a path till united again at edge of the trail. 

What a day we spent! For morn til afternoon a 
stretch of time pedaled up mountain incline
for what purpose I remember not. Perhaps but
for reason alone to show we could.

Then we split and I
was lost in thickets beyond cellular reception,
pushing through, not knowing where.
Thankfuly guided not to think, lest dispair 
enter the mind.

It crept through the rock and the heart
beat swift. Worry beneath quiet waters
an endless ocean of brush and thicket.

Resolve hardened and failure was not an option.
Parents can never know about how nearly I drowned beneath
the waves, my friend on shore, nearly crashed a speeding corner,
and now this. Lost on the slopes, dragging my bike over rocks
down gullies until there was no way but forward. 

I came to a path I knew. And started thinking of you.
Not to share emotion or adventure. 
But worry, concern for one I loved and lost.
Life without reunion was infinity wronged. 

And to reunite after our searching will be burned
as a fond thought and bound to endure with
all else. 

This is why I expect response. Because I expect myself 
to reach out and call. 
Because I am concerned with your stability. 
Because you help me with mine;
If but we talk for more than minutes at a time.

Yet shall I let go?
Abandon these things, an anchor?
Aloft perhaps, we'll meet again on the 
far side of the world, in time. 

If this may be but a jewel in memory
Fond it was, Fond it will always be,
But perhaps laid and moved to the bottom of 
a chest; Lay while I continue and move past
your thought with no intent.

Perhaps, perhaps.