January 9, 2013

Okay a couple things to talk about. 

1. Article of declining population
2. My understanding of the Standard Model
3. Ayn Rand's "The New Intelectual"

I'll begin by addressing my thoughts on the declining population of the world.
[That is if it really is declining]
http://www.slate.com/articles/technology/future_tense/2013/01/world_population_may_actually_start_declining_not_exploding.html

Written by Jeff Wise

EDIT: The world population COULD begin to decline

Either way...
-The article talks about effects a declining population would have on soceity


Essentially the article points to current statistics showing that countries
like India, Germany, Brazil, and several others are starting to have declining
birth rates. 

Those declining birth rates will [if continued] cause an inbalance in the age 
dynamic of a society. More retired persons and less people to take over their 
positions would potentially cause social and economic problems. 

Meh. What about tech?
It is kind of funny that on the same website there was an article that hinted 
on a new "Manufacturing Renissance" enabled by the increase of robotic workers
and thus the decrease in low skill jobs. 

Having robotics take over the low skill sector of the work force would raise
the floor of skill required to do work. 

Jeff's article speaks of a vacuum created by the lack of induviduals able to
take up the positions of the retired. But like I have mentioned above,
robotical workers close that gap by taking over the low skilled portion of 
labour. 

In effect also causing a need for high education; If all manual labour skills
become obsolete, those labourers will need to seek a higher level of education
to become useful again. And hopefully, through a more educated social stratum
we can begin to solve some of the problems currently plaguing us, that really
should not be an issue. 


2. My understanding of the Higgs Boson

The media did a magnificent job of publicisizing the discvery of the Higgs
Boson. 

Okay...great, but what is it really? In a more significant sense than just
being labled a great scientific discovery. [Which it is]

I went to a talk tonight by Newman, a High Energy Physics Proffressor at 
Caltech. He gave an overview of the standard model and how the LHC[Large
Hadron Collider] is seeking to answer the questions we have about this
standard model and other models like it.

Very cool stuff.

The standard model is essentially the fundamental level of nature
as we know sofar. 

In my understanding the tiers of reality are as follows:

Standard Model  ---> Atomic  Structure ---> Molecules
Molecular Compounds... Physical structures!

Yea so...You know how Einstein proved that Energy is Mass...and Mass is 
energy.  Physical reality around us is all a form of energy.

But what gives that energy it's mass? How can we experiance energy as a 
tangible object? *How can we experiance all these fluctuating energy fields
as mass*

Enter physics super star, the Higgs Boson!

The Higgs Boson is that which in the theoretical frame work of the
standard model causes energy fields to form groups of sub atomic particles.

Those subatomic particles in turn are what atoms are constituated of...&c.

Note: This is only my understanding of the model and he Higgs Boson. I 
could be very far off in my logic.

Well im tired, I'll talk about Ayn Rand at a later point. 



