January 31, 2013

Just came back from the Eucs. The riding was sooooo gnarly. They added a jump
line with 3 sets of jumps. 1st was this this lip to the a slanted downslope.
That transitioned into a pretty long table top that had a real smooth landing.
The lip to the table top made it pretty easy to clear. That finally transition-
ed into a set of doubles. Not sure if they are still going to work on it,
but I thought that they were to far appart. If they made the lip to the
first hump bigger it would be more doable. But who knows...maybe in time.
On the right side of that double there was a larger lip that launched you
to the side of the doubles. That one felt more solid. Really good sesh right
right there. Cant wait to shred it on friday.

On the way down my new Trail King was going some awesome work. It tracks
like no other. Im still getting used to how fast you can hit a corner on
with that thing.

Good stuff.

First couple weeks are going well. Need to keep my head on straight though.
With all the work I'm putting in, it is hard to see that ground sometimes.
As I've told Anna in a letter, the only thing that keeps you straight is
that distant lighthouse of personal faith. Faith that your works are going
towards a purpose.

In other news, I think I'm going to propose to Jon soon.

And hey you know that thing about being young and doing stupid things.  Yea I
did a stupid thing. Well, might end up not being so stupid.  Hahah damn I'll
remember this.

Totally just wrote a poem to the cute girl, Lacy who works at the library.
It was a short one, and I made sure to tell her that I knew that it was an
unconventional way of doing things. In that regard it was a well thought out
poem. So yesterday was the last time I saw her. She seemed pretty happy. Good
sign. My mind keeps making up the worst possible scenerio's and I have to
remind myself that in the grand scheme of things something like this will
not matter. And that my thoughts should not revolve around such a small issue.

But yes, next time I see her I'll ask her to lunch or a drink. That was
really the main reason my my spontanious inspiration to write a poem to a
girl I dont know yet.

But I hope my intuitions  are correct.

Oh how wonderful it is to be young!  How to be at the cusp of life and wonder
in awe about your existence.

As the sunset hills are painted with color, So to our lives colored with
beauty.

Seen only by natures wandering guest, Seen only by those who see though
their own context.


LIFE!
