January 5, 2012

Time does have a special ability to seemingly slip though our fingers.

Yesterday I was at a most wonderful party. A party fueled by the dreams
 and motivations of my generation; not by the chemical alterations that are
so commonly thought of when one says, "I am going to a party".

The debates were fierce, ideas were swung and parried...thoughts clashed to
a dance of wit and knowledge.

It was a wondeful thing to be part of.

How much more exciting would everyday life be if everyone lived with such
sincere feriocity?

While in the midst of the battle heat, I found  it was unverving at times to
 finaly harness and use the knowledge I have developed over the past years.

It was as if most everyone in the battle had been going though the process
of intellectual training, but never had the chance to put it to good use.
That night was a time when we put it to good use. We sparred through out the
night. And as with many sports, it is not the training that gets you better,
it is the actual match or race which shows you where you are and where you
should improve.

Yes. Wonderful night. Our generation has power. Immense power.

I think those in that group last night recognized that too.  Despite our
differing beliefs, we understood that we have the power to change a dusty
system.

It works...but I think we could get it to work better. Progression man.

Progression.

How that progression looks like, I am not sure yet. But I am starting to
think that it needs to come in forms of updates. Society needs to be updated.
Government needs to be updated.

It is only natural that things fall out of their best groove as time passes.
Relationships need to changed to the times. The development of self needs
to be fluid and not static.

The world is fluid and spontanious. Our humanity rests on that fact.  I have
not explored chaos theory, but I think it is time I do.

The simulation theory was fun, but really, it does not have much practial
influence on our daily lives. But still awesome.

Yesh.

Anyways, I went to a talk today, was about what we can learn about traditional
societies....such as tribes. The talk was by: Dr. Jared Diamond.

Well the talk was more of a selling talk for the author [the topic was very
narrow...only consisting in the treatment of elders in various socities]

But one intresting point that did catch my attention was that tribal societies
are perfect to learn from. In our modern, governmental, economic soceity,
lives are lived relativly the same. Yes give or take some social issues or
politics  in diffrent countries. But in general, most developed societies
are structured the same way. Indeed in a complex way.

Tribes on the other hand are small and localized. Easy to study. Each tribe
has evolved in an induvidial manner based on the diffrent natural and social
variables that were/are present during it's existance.

In effect, if one wants to know what would happen if a variable was changed
in a certain area of society[let us say the independence a child is given]
one would only have to find two tribes with two diffrent cultures of child
upbringing.

Also: Girls take alot of work...

dk.
